Add clarifications (#79)
tlswg/tls-subcerts: draft-ietf-tls-subcerts.md

# Solution Overview

> A delegated credential (DC) is a digitally signed data structure with two semantic

Reviewer: Is the acryonym DC used anywhere except the diagram?

Author: Yes! Sometimes, for example, on `DC-enabled`, `non-DC traffic`.

Delegated credentials allow a peer to terminate TLS connections on behalf of
the certificate owner.  If a credential is stolen, there is no mechanism for
revoking it without revoking the certificate itself.  To limit exposure in case

> of delegated credential's private key compromise, delegated credentials have a maximum

Reviewer: How about "of the compomise of a delegated credential's private key, delegated credentials have a ..."

  |        ...        |                    |
~~~~~~~~~~

These two mechanisms can be complementary.  A server could use delegated credentials
for clients that support them, while using [KEYLESS] to support legacy clients.
The private key for a delegated credential can be used in place of a certificate

> private key, so it is important that the Front-End and Back-End are parties

Reviewer: How about "that have" -> "with"

> private key, so it is important that the Front-End and Back-End are parties
> have a trusted relationship.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
private key, so it is important that the Front-End and Back-End are parties
with a trusted relationship.
```

expected_cert_verify_algorithm:

: The signature algorithm of the Credential key pair, where the type
  SignatureScheme is as defined in {{RFC8446}}. This is expected to be
  the same as CertificateVerify.algorithm sent by the server.  Only signature

>   algorithms allowed for use in Certificate Verify messages are allowed.  When

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  algorithms allowed for use in CertificateVerify messages are allowed.  When
```

Reviewer 2: (`CertificateVerify` is the name of the handshake message type.)

>   using RSA, the public key MUST NOT use the rsaEncryption OID. As a result,

Reviewer: " " -> "  "

  the following algorithms are not allowed for use with delegated credentials:
  rsa_pss_rsae_sha256, rsa_pss_rsae_sha384, rsa_pss_rsae_sha512.

ASN1_subjectPublicKeyInfo:

: The Credential's public key, a DER-encoded {{X.690}} SubjectPublicKeyInfo as defined in
{{RFC5280}}.

> The Delegated Credential has the following structure:

Reviewer: For consistency, we should say "DelegatedCredential" instead.

Reviewer 2: 👍

   } DelegatedCredential;
~~~~~~~~~~

cred:

: The Credential structure as previously defined.

algorithm:

> : The signature algorithm used to verify the DelegatedCredential.signature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: The signature algorithm used to verify DelegatedCredential.signature.
```

signature:

: The delegation, a signature that binds the credential to the end-entity
  certificate's public key as specified below. The signature scheme is specified

>   by the DelegatedCredential.algorithm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  by DelegatedCredential.algorithm.
```

The signature of the DelegatedCredential is computed over the concatenation of:

1. A string that consists of octet 32 (0x20) repeated 64 times.
2. The context string "TLS, server delegated credentials" for server authentication and "TLS, client delegated credentials" for client authentication.
3. A single 0 byte, which serves as the separator.
4. The DER-encoded X.509 end-entity certificate used to sign the
   DelegatedCredential.
5. DelegatedCredential.cred.
6. DelegatedCredential.algorithm.

> The private key in the peer's end-entity certificate is used to sign this
> concatenation of values by using the algorithm indicated by DelegatedCredential.algorithm
> This creates the signature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The signature is computed using the private key in the peer's end-entity certificate, with
the algorithm indicated by DelegatedCredential.algorithm.
```

delegated credentials sent as extensions to any other certificate.

The expected_cert_verify_algorithm field MUST be of a

> type advertised by the client in the SignatureSchemeList and it is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
type advertised by the client in the SignatureSchemeList and is
```

   certificate's notBefore value plus DelegatedCredential.cred.valid_time plus
   the maximum validity period.
3. Verify that expected_cert_verify_algorithm matches

>    the scheme indicated in the peer's Certificate Verify message and that the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   the scheme indicated in the peer's CertificateVerify message and that the
```

If one or more of these checks fail, then the delegated credential is deemed
invalid.  Clients and servers that receive invalid delegated credentials MUST terminate the
connection with an "illegal_parameter" alert.

If successful, the participant receiving the Certificate message uses the public

> key in the DelegatedCredential.cred to verify the signature in the peer's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
key in DelegatedCredential.cred to verify the signature in the peer's
```

> Certificate Verify message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CertificateVerify message.
```

For TLS 1.2 servers that support RSA key exchange using a DC-enabled end-entity
certificate, a hypothetical signature forgery attack would allow forging a
signature over a delegated credential.
The forged delegated credential could then be used by the attacker as the equivalent of a

> man-in-the-middle certificate, valid for maximum 7 days.

Reviewer: "maximum" -> "a maximum of"

> man-in-the-middle certificate, valid for maximum 7 days.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
man-in-the-middle certificate, valid for a maximum of 7 days.
```
